[EuiSelectable+EuiComboBox] recent regresion fixes (#3784)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced `react-focus-lock` with `react-focus-on` ([#3631](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3631))
- Fixed errors in `EuiSuperDatePicker` related to invalid and `null` date formatting ([#3750](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3750))
- Fixed type definitions for `findTestSubject` and `takeMountedSnapshot` ([#3763](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3763))

> - Fixes `EuiComboBox` not allow clicks on previously virtualized items inside of `EuiFormRow` ([#3784](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3784))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `EuiComboBox` not allowing clicks on previously virtualized items when inside of `EuiFormRow` ([#3784](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3784))
```

> - Removes `<space>` as a way to select options in `EuiSelectable` ([#3784](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3784))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `[Space]` as a way to select options in `EuiSelectable` ([#3784](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/3784))
```
